My-ToDo-List Project(Task Ready)

This is a basic toDo List app for all the Users. 
Users will be first directed to the signup page.
Users can register for free and start using the app. 
If in-case the user forgets the password, user has an option to reset the password. User will be sent a password rest link on his registered mail Id. Upon clicking user can reset the password
Users can create daily todo list.
Users can set if the daily todo List needs to be public of private
Users can also create a task for a particular todo list.
And also create a subtask under a particaulr task in order to make thair thier todo tracking easy.Users have the options to change the status, edit and delete.

Friends Module, is much more fun for the users. Users can send friend request to all the other users registered in the application.
The user at the other end who received a friend request can either accept or decline, block or keep the request in pending.
Upon the decions of the user at the other end. User will receive a notification in the notification option under friends dropdown tab.
Users can see sent notifications as well as received notifications.
Users also have a options to see received friend requests and sent requests.
If the user on the other end has accepted the request. Both the users will be able to view each others profile. 
User can see his friend's all public todo list and can also edit and change status.

Project URL: http://mytodo.sanjayinfotechy.com
API Documentation: http://todoapi.sanjayinfotechy.com
Socket.IO Events Documentation: http://todoevents.sanjayinfotechy.com
Project Git Repository: https://github.com/Sanjay7878/Todo-list


Documentation

All the APIs and Events are well documented using npm module apiDoc 
•	APIDOC - APIDOC of ToDo List App backend. 
• 	EventDoc - EventDoc of ToDo List App backend. 
•	Comments – comments are written for every function


Built With

•	Angular - The web framework used for Frontend Design 
•	NPM - Most of the modules are used 
•	apiDoc - NPM module to create the apiDoc and eventDoc


Authors

•	Initial work – Sanjay C 
•	Problem Statement - Edwisor 


Acknowledgments 

Thanks for Edwisor to review this application. I would like to thank my friends, colleagues for supporting me to develop and deploy this Application.